\section{Related work}
\label{sec:related}

Decimation

Non-nested decimation \cite{Garland:1997:SSU}

Planar decimation avoiding flips (and therefor also self-intersections) in
output \cite{AnderssonGL09}.  \cite{gumhold2003intersection} new coarse mesh
won't contain self-intersections, but not trying to avoid intersections with
original fine mesh.

Cage generation

\cite{Deng:2011vr,Xian:2012tv}

Offset surfaces 

\cite{Campen:2010} Exact offset surface of triangle mesh is a curved surface
and only approximated by a fine mesh.  Could generalized 2d offset method
\cite{chen2005polygon} to 3D \cite{Jacobson:WN:2013}.  Or just mesh signed
distance field directions (e.g.\ using \cite{cgal}). Can be made robust to
nasty input with \cite{Xu:2014:SDF} and used for creating low res tet mesh for
simulation.
%
But offsets are bad idea for creating coarse mesh: too fine OR lose nesting
guarantee OR too far away (and start to combine features)

Multi-grid 

\cite{McAdams:2011} Finite difference multigrid on voxelized input. Why not
voxelize? Glue geodesically distant parts together: voxel size determined by
min feature size and min void size. What about duplicated cells? Is there a
citation for this? Boundary handling overwhelms advantages of regular grid. Is
this even always well-defined? Nice if we had a counterexample.
\cite{Sykora09} replicates lattice cells in 2d, not sure how this affects his
shape-matching-style ARAP optimization.

\cite{wojtan2011liquid} fluid sims often couple Eulerian (finite difference)
grids with tracked surfaces. Seems that Wojtan et.\ al will identify grid cells
containing more than one distant surfaces and perform \emph{surgery on the
surface} rather than duplicate grid cells.

\cite{Adams:1999:PMS} Ritz-Galerkin multigrid, actually this is a mesh
decimation paper for creating ``node-nested'' tet meshes, building on
\cite{guillard1993}. Select subset of nodes, try to connect in a reasonable,
Delaunay-ish way. Simple linear restriction operator.

\cite{fish1995efficient} just an example of a (nonlinear) multigrid solver
which expects the user to provide (nested?) tetrahedral meshes as input.

\cite{feng1997non} more complicated restriction operator for Galerkin multigrid
on non-nested meshes, though it seems it's expected that the surfaces of each
mesh coincide: user provides meshes. I'm not sure how much better this
restriction would really be compared to simple barycentric one.

\cite{Debunne:2001:DRD} 
Adaptive simulations for visco-elastic solids. Computes a hierarchy of
non-nested decimations (QSlim \cite{Garland:1997:SSU}), tethers fine mesh
points to \emph{closest} coarse vertex.
